---
title: 回美签证 - 美国驻华大使馆和领事馆
url: "https://china.usembassy-china.org.cn/zh/visas-zh/immigrant-visas-zh/returning-resident-visa/"
country: usa
category: 移民签证
source: 美国驻华大使馆
date: "2026-07-06"
summary: 在美国境外停留超过一年或者超过回美许可证有效期的永久居民（称为合法永久居民或LPR）或附有条件的居民（CR）需要新的移民签证以进入美国及恢复永久居留。如需申请回美签证，您必须用电子咨询表格（英文）与美国驻广州总领事馆移民部联系安排首次面谈，以确定其是否符合条件。如果您想了解更多关于回美签证的信息，请访问 usvisa.state.gov （英文）和 ustraveldocs.com。
language: zh
---

回美签证 在美国境外停留超过一年或者超过回美许可证有效期的永久居民（称为合法永久居民或LPR）或附有条件的居民（CR）需要新的移民签证以进入美国及恢复永久居留。如需申请回美签证，您必须用电子咨询表格（英文）与美国驻广州总领事馆移民部联系安排首次面谈，以确定其是否符合条件。如果您想了解更多关于回美签证的信息，请访问 usvisa.state.gov （英文）和 ustraveldocs.com。 Manage consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent Manage consent

---

**原文链接**: [https://china.usembassy-china.org.cn/zh/visas-zh/immigrant-visas-zh/returning-resident-visa/](https://china.usembassy-china.org.cn/zh/visas-zh/immigrant-visas-zh/returning-resident-visa/)  
**采集时间**: 2026/7/6 16:25:45
