---
title: 旅行和旅游 - 美国驻华大使馆和领事馆
url: "https://china.usembassy-china.org.cn/zh/visas-zh/travel-tourism-zh/"
country: usa
category: 旅游签证
source: 美国驻华大使馆
date: "2026-07-06"
summary: 探索美国。美利坚合众国能提供丰富多样的体验。了解美国的历史；参观我们的公园和自然景观；体验艺术、建筑和海滩，品尝我们的美食和美酒；并享受驾车观赏风光、户外活动和体育运动。
language: zh
---

旅行和旅游 探索美国。美利坚合众国能提供丰富多样的体验。了解美国的历史；参观我们的公园和自然景观；体验艺术、建筑和海滩，品尝我们的美食和美酒；并享受驾车观赏风光、户外活动和体育运动。 USA.gov 按具体问题及机构查阅美国政府信息。 Recreation.gov 让您探索美国大户外的门户：划船、露营、远足及更多。 Travel.State.Gov 供美国及外国公民查阅的有关国际旅行的信息，包括有关护照和签证的信息。 在出发前了解有关情况 在前往美国之前，请登录运输安全管理局（Transportation Security Administration）和美国海关及边境保护局（U.S. Customs and Border Protection）进一步了解情况。 Manage consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent Manage consent

---

**原文链接**: [https://china.usembassy-china.org.cn/zh/visas-zh/travel-tourism-zh/](https://china.usembassy-china.org.cn/zh/visas-zh/travel-tourism-zh/)  
**采集时间**: 2026/7/6 16:25:45
