---
title: Changing your school or program - Canada.ca
url: "https://www.canada.ca/en/immigration-refugees-citizenship/services/study-canada/change-schools.html"
category: 学习许可
source: 加拿大政府官网 (IRCC)
date: "2026-07-03"
summary: Find out what to do if you’re changing your designated learning institution (DLI) or study program.
language: en
---

Changing schools or programs as an international student Find out what to do if you’re changing your designated learning institution (DLI) or study program. On this page Find the right process for your situation Changing your DLI in Quebec Changing the DLI on your study permit application while it's still in progress Changing your DLI if you’re outside Canada Changing your DLI while on a student work placement If you change schools without telling us Find the right process for your situation If you’re changing schools or programs, what you need to do depends on your situation. Select the option that matches your situation: I’m changing schools. I’m changing programs or levels of study at the same school. What will you be doing? I’m changing schools but staying at the same level of study within the post-secondary level (for example: staying at the bachelor’s level). I’m changing schools within the post-secondary level (for example: from the bachelor level to the master’s level). I’m changing schools because I need to complete prerequisite courses. I’m changing schools because I’m enrolled in a joint program that results in a single credential. I’m changing schools within the primary or secondary level. I’m changing schools because I’m moving from the secondary level to the post-secondary level. What will you be doing? I’ll be changing programs of study at the post-secondary level. I’ll be moving from the primary level to the secondary level. You need to extend your study permit You need to get a new study permit by applying to extend your current one before you can start studying at your new DLI. The school you plan to change to must also be a DLI. Before committing to changing schools and applying for a study permit extension, make sure to check that your new school is on the DLI list. Documents you need When you apply, make sure to include a letter explaining why you’re changing schools a new, valid provincial attestation letter or territorial attestation letter (PAL or TAL), unless you meet one of the exceptions Make sure to get a new PAL or TAL before you submit your application. This is a new requirement as of January 22, 2025. documents that prove that you meet the criteria below, if you believe you meet the criteria to begin studying at the new DLI while your new application is in progress If you already applied but didn’t include the required documents If you submitted an application and you didn’t include the above documents, you can submit them using the IRCC web form. When you can start studying at your new DLI You can start studying at your new school while waiting for a decision on your study permit extension application only if you meet all the following criteria: You haven’t left Canada since receiving your letter of acceptance (LOA) from the new DLI. You continue to meet the conditions of your previous study permit. Before you completed your course or program of study, the DLI you were studying at closed discontinued your course or program of study was placed on the suspension list lost its designated status If you do not meet these criteria, you should plan to apply for and get your extended study permit for your new DLI before finishing your studies at your current DLI. Faster processing for students changing schools New Get your study permit extension application processed in 60 days if you’re changing to a new post-secondary DLI. Make sure to follow our instructions when you apply. You must tell us you’re changing schools when you apply online by selecting “Yes” to one of the following questions (as applicable): Are you a student residing in Canada who is changing your designated learning institution? Is your accompanying family member a student residing in Canada who is changing their designated learning institution? Apply for your study permit extension You can keep studying with your current study permit You don’t need to apply for a study permit extension if your current study permit is still valid, unless your study permit has conditions that limit you from doing so. You need a new study permit If you already have a study permit You need to get a new study permit by applying to extend your current one. You can continue your studies at the post-secondary level while waiting for a decision on your new study permit application even if your study permit has the condition “Going to primary or secondary school”. If you don’t already have a study permit If you’re attending secondary school while holding a visitor record, you need to apply for and be approved for a study permit before you start your studies at a post-secondary school. Apply for your study permit extension You may need to extend your study permit You can keep studying at your DLI with your current study permit as long as you still meet your study permit conditions. If you need to extend your study permit to attend your new program, you may need to submit a new provincial attestation letter (PAL) or territorial attestation letter (TAL). You can start studying in your new program while waiting for a decision on your study permit extension. If your application is refused, you must stop studying immediately. Apply for your study permit extension Changing your DLI in Quebec With few exceptions, if you’re moving to a school in Quebec, you must get an attestation of issuance of your Quebec Acceptance Certificate (CAQ) and submit this with your study permit application. If you’re changing between schools that are vocational training centres, you don’t need to apply for a new study permit, but you need a new CAQ. You should contact the Ministère de l’Immigration, de la Francisation et de l’Intégration if you’re already studying in Quebec and want to change your educational institution level of study Changing the DLI on your study permit application while it’s still in progress You can tell us that you would like to change the DLI in your application by submitting a new letter of acceptance and a provincial or territorial attestation letter (if needed) in the IRCC web form. Changing your DLI if you’re outside Canada If your application for a study permit has been approved and you change your school, you must submit a new study permit application with a new letter of acceptance. You must also pay all the fees for the new application. Submit a new study permit application. Changing your DLI while on a student work placement If you’re in a post-secondary co-op program and you change schools or student work placements, you don’t need to apply for a new co-op work permit. Learn more about student work placements. If you change schools without telling us Your old school will report you as not being registered or enrolled to study. If this happens you’re breaking the conditions of your study permit your study permit may become invalid you may have your study permit cancelled you may be asked to leave the country or change your status you may be prevented from coming to Canada in the future For example, you may not be approved for another study or work permit in the future. We may ask you to confirm your student status If you have a study permit, you may receive an email from us. The email address will end in “@cic.gc.ca.” You must follow the instructions in that email by the date indicated to confirm you’re enrolled and actively studying in Canada at a DLI. Studying at a DLI that is on the suspension list You may attend a DLI that is on the suspension list only if you are completing the program of study you had already started. Page details 2026-06-10

---

**原文链接**: [https://www.canada.ca/en/immigration-refugees-citizenship/services/study-canada/change-schools.html](https://www.canada.ca/en/immigration-refugees-citizenship/services/study-canada/change-schools.html)  
**采集时间**: 2026/7/3 19:17:27
