---
title: Event organizers and Canadian businesses - bring business guests to Canada - Canada.ca
url: "https://www.canada.ca/en/immigration-refugees-citizenship/services/visit-canada/business/organizers-events-conferences.html"
category: 访客签证
source: 加拿大政府官网 (IRCC)
date: "2026-07-03"
summary: "Follow these steps to avoid problems or delays when you bring foreign business guests to Canada:"
language: en
---

Event organizers and Canadian businesses - bring business guests to Canada Follow these steps to avoid problems or delays when you bring foreign business guests to Canada: On this page Step 1: Carry out your responsibilities Step 2: Register your international event with us and get certain support services (if applicable) Step 3: Find out if the person you’re inviting needs a visa or an electronic travel authorization (eTA) Step 4: Prepare a letter of invitation for the person you’re inviting Step 5: Encourage your participants to apply as early as possible and before booking their flights Step 6: Consider these things when organizing an international event or meeting in Canada Minors travelling with business guests What to do if an eTA or visitor visa is refused Step 1: Carry out your responsibilities Perform due diligence checks on your potential business partner. Before you enter into any formal partnership, you should investigate your potential partner’s business track record, assets and liabilities, reputation and current legal status. This can protect your company’s interests and reputation. It will also help you decide if aspects of your potential partner’s background would cause problems if you were to bring that person to Canada for business. Please see the Trade Commissioner Service for advice. Liaise with the Canadian trade commissioner responsible for the sector and country your visitor is coming from. Provide your potential visiting business partner with 2 copies of a letter of invitation. Provide your potential visiting business partner with 24-hour contact information for a representative from your business. Your visiting partner may be asked to provide the information to the border services officer when arriving in Canada, or need to contact you due to travel delays Step 2: Register your international event with us and get certain support services (if applicable) You can get useful information and support on Canada’s entry and visa requirements from our Special Events Unit. Find out more about how to get support to organize an international event in Canada. Step 3: Find out if the person you’re inviting needs a visa or an electronic travel authorization (eTA) Answer a few questions to find out what your participant may need to apply for, and what documents they’ll need to come to Canada. They will also need to carry proper travel documents and identification for themselves and any children travelling with them convince an immigration officer that they satisfy all other requirements to enter Canada, the participant may not be allowed to enter the country Step 4: Prepare a letter of invitation for the person you are inviting Find out what to include in a letter of invitation to a business visitor. If your event is registered with IRCC, include the event code in your letter of invitation. Your participants should include the event code in their visa applications to identify themselves as event participants . Step 5: Encourage your participants to apply as early as possible and before booking their flights Electronic travel authorization (eTA) If your visitor needs an eTA (or is eligible for one), they must apply online before travelling to Canada by air. It’s best for travellers to apply for their eTA before booking their flight to Canada. In most cases, applicants will receive an approved eTA within minutes of applying. However, some requests may take several days to process. If this is the case, applicants can expect an email from us within 72 hours of applying that tells them what the next steps are. Visitor visa If your visitor needs a visa to visit Canada, they must apply for a visitor visa just like any other temporary visitor to Canada. There is no separate application for business visitors. The visitor visa covers all visitors, including those coming to Canada on business. If they’re applying for the first time, your visitor needs to give their fingerprints and photo (biometrics), unless they’re exempt. If the visitor gave biometrics before, they ’re probably still valid. If so, they don’t have to give them again. They can check when their biometrics expire by using the check status tool. We issue multiple- entry visas whenever possible because it makes it easier for business partners or contacts who need to make repeat visits to Canada. However, there may be circumstances when only a single-entry visa is issued. Your visitor’s application may be delayed or refused if it’s not complete, or if required documents are missing or suspect. For example, applicants will need to give their fingerprints and photo (biometrics) to support their visitor visa application. Check application processing times to find out how long it takes to process most complete applications. Step 6: Consider these things when organizing an international event or a meeting in Canada Protocol for heads of state, ministers or diplomats If you invite high-level government officials such as heads of state, ministers or diplomats to your event and you have questions about protocol and reception services, contact the Office of Protocol at Global Affairs Canada. For more information, visit the Office of Protocol’s website. Reception counter You may consider setting up a reception counter at the airport, where your representatives can greet delegates. Contact the airport in advance if you plan to do so. Border requirements All equipment and goods brought into Canada for the event must be reported to the Canada Border Services Agency (CBSA). Contact the CBSA for information on border requirements for delegates and goods entering Canada documents and procedures that may be needed Contact the nearest CBSA office in your province or area, or visit the CBSA International Events website. Minors travelling with business guests Canada has laws and regulations to protect children. Delegates who plan to travel with a child (17 years of age or younger) should consult the entry requirements for minors. What to do if an eTA or a visitor visa is refused If your potential partner’s eTA or business visa is refused, please see How do I get help if my application is refused? If there is new or additional information that should be considered, your partner can re apply and submit this new information. There is no minimum amount of time to wait before they can apply again. Page details 2023-09-14

---

**原文链接**: [https://www.canada.ca/en/immigration-refugees-citizenship/services/visit-canada/business/organizers-events-conferences.html](https://www.canada.ca/en/immigration-refugees-citizenship/services/visit-canada/business/organizers-events-conferences.html)  
**采集时间**: 2026/7/3 19:17:27
