---
title: "Extend or change the conditions on your work permit: Changing jobs or employers - Canada.ca"
url: "https://www.canada.ca/en/immigration-refugees-citizenship/services/work-canada/extend/change-jobs-employers.html"
category: 工作许可
source: 加拿大政府官网 (IRCC)
date: "2026-07-03"
summary: If you have an employer-specific work permit and you want to change jobs or employers in Canada, you must apply for a new work permit, if you’re eligible.
language: en
---

Extend or change the conditions of your work permit Who can extend How to extend After you extend What to do if your work permit expired Changing jobs or employers If you want to travel outside Canada Changing jobs or employers If you have an employer-specific work permit and you want to change jobs or employers in Canada, you must apply for a new work permit, if you’re eligible. You may be able to start your new job or work for a new employer before your work permit application is approved. You can request authorization to work while we process your application. Open work permit holders can change employers at any time while their work permit is valid. Who’s eligible To be eligible, you must meet the following conditions: You applied for a new employer-specific work permit in Canada. You currently either have an employer-specific work permit , or are a worker who can work without a work permit (not including business visitors or short-term workers under the Global Skills Strategy) If you have lost your job If you have lost the job connected to your employer-specific work permit and would like to continue working in Canada, you must get a new job offer and apply to renew your work permit, while remaining in Canada stop working for this, or any other, employer until your new work permit is approved If you apply to change jobs or employers before your current work permit expires, you might be able to keep working with a work authorization. If you can’t get a new job offer, you need to leave Canada by the “must leave by” date printed on your work permit. How to request authorization to work while we process your application International Experience Canada (IEC) participants must first check that they can change employers with an IEC work permit . To change jobs or employers, follow these steps after you apply for your new employer-specific work permit: Step 1: Let us know you want to change jobs or employers Use the IRCC web form to let us know you need to change jobs or employers. Select See details under the Other category and then Continue to form, when prompted. Under the Your enquiry section of the IRCC web form, copy the text below that applies to your situation. Make sure you fill out the sections in square brackets, which include the dates name(s) of employer(s) title of your job If you applied on paper and don’t know your application number, include your courier tracking number. This will allow us to find your application. If you have other questions, you need to fill out an IRCC web form. Avoid delays You must include the code PPCHANGEWORK2020 when you copy and paste the text below. We can’t prioritize your request without this code. Message that work permit holders changing jobs or employers need to paste into the web form: Priority Code PPCHANGEWORK2020: I am requesting consideration under the Temporary public policy to exempt foreign nationals in Canada from certain requirements when changing employment and ask that the applicable exemptions be granted until a decision is made on my work permit application or it is withdrawn. I attest that I hold/held a work permit valid until [DATE] for employer [name] / in occupation [NOC code] and I have received a new job offer for [new employer name] / [new occupation NOC code]. I have submitted my application for a work permit online or I submitted my paper application and the postal/courier tracking number is [number]. I intend to work for the [new employer name] / [new occupation NOC code] as specified in the aforementioned work permit. I understand that providing false, misleading or incorrect information is a violation of the Immigration and Refugee Protection Act and may result in enforcement measures against me. Message that workers who have been exempt from holding a work permit need to paste into the web form: Priority Code PPCHANGEWORK2020: I am requesting consideration under the Temporary public policy to exempt foreign nationals in Canada from certain requirements when changing employment, and ask that the applicable exemptions be granted until the decision is made on my work permit application or it is withdrawn. I attest that I am/was authorized to work without a work permit for employer [name] / in occupation [NOC code] until [DATE] and I have received a new job offer for [new employer name] / [new occupation NOC code]. I have submitted my application for a work permit online or I submitted my paper application and the postal/courier tracking number is [number]. I intend to work for the [new employer name] / [new occupation NOC code] as specified in the aforementioned work permit. I understand that providing false, misleading or incorrect information is a violation of the Immigration and Refugee Protection Act and may result in enforcement measures against me. Step 2: Wait for our email authorizing you to work while we process your application After you submit the web form, wait for us to email you. We should respond in about 10 to 15 days. If you applied on paper, it will take longer to get the email. The email will let you know if you’re authorized to work while we process your application. This email is not your work permit. Check the processing time for work permit applications processed inside Canada. Problem with the online application If you’re trying to apply for a work permit online in one of the categories below, you may have problems getting the right result. If you’re not sure if this applies to you, ask your employer. LMIA-exempt applicants Permanent residence applicants in Canada who used Express Entry to submit their permanent residence application, and have received an acknowledgment of receipt letter (A75) Open work permit pilot program for permanent residence applicants in the spouse or common-law partner in Canada class (A70) Foreign physicians coming to work in Quebec (C10) Refugee claimants (S61) Failed refugee claimants waiting for removal who need to support themselves (S62) Persons under an unenforceable removal order (S62) Live-in caregivers who have submitted their permanent residence application (A71) In-Canada applicants under the Home Child-Care Provider Pilot or the Home Support Worker Pilot (C90) and their family members (C91) Post-graduation work permit extension (C43) Destitute students (H81) Holders of a temporary resident permit that’s valid for a minimum of 6 months (H82) Start-up visa workers (A75) International Experience Canada: Extend your participation or change conditions on your work permit (C21) LMIA-required applicants Seafood-processing workers Agricultural workers who are not part of the Seasonal Agricultural Worker Program Visitors to Canada Visitors in Canada applying for an initial study permit, work permit or both who are accompanying a spouse holding a low-skilled work permit Document navigation Next: If you want to travel outside of Canada Page details 2025-11-20

---

**原文链接**: [https://www.canada.ca/en/immigration-refugees-citizenship/services/work-canada/extend/change-jobs-employers.html](https://www.canada.ca/en/immigration-refugees-citizenship/services/work-canada/extend/change-jobs-employers.html)  
**采集时间**: 2026/7/3 19:17:27
