---
title: VISA | Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Japan
url: "https://www.mofa.go.jp/j_info/visit/visa/index.html"
country: japan
category: 签证信息总览
source: 日本外务省 (MOFA)
date: "2026-06-24"
summary: The information about the visa(*Note) required for foreigners visiting Japan is as follows. For details, please check the website of the Embassy, Consulate-General, Consular Office (the Diplomatic Missions abroad) of Japan that have jurisdiction over the country/region where the foreigner visiting J
language: ja
---

VISA VISA June 24, 2026 Japanese The information about the visa(*Note) required for foreigners visiting Japan is as follows. For details, please check the website of the Embassy, Consulate-General, Consular Office (the Diplomatic Missions abroad) of Japan that have jurisdiction over the country/region where the foreigner visiting Japan resides. For visa inquiries, please contact “Foreign Residents Support Center (FRESC) MOFA Visa Information” or “Japan Visa Information Hotline” listed on the website of the Embassy/Consulate-General/Consular Office of Japan. You can find detailed information about visa on the website of the Diplomatic Mission of Japan with jurisdiction over your place of residence. 1. Visa Application Procedures 2. About Visa 3. Visa Application Documents 4. Frequently Asked Questions 5. Announcements 6. Inquiries about Visas (*Note) A visa is one of the requirements for entering Japan as defined by the "Immigration Control and Refugee Recognition Act", and it does not guarantee to enter Japan. Visas are issued at the Embassy, Consulate-General, Consular Office of Japan abroad. They cannot be obtained when you arrive in Japan or while you are staying in Japan. The “landing permission" is granted by an immigration officer at the port of entry when a foreigner meets the requirement for entry into Japan. The “status of residence” is mentioned on your “landing permission”, that indicates the activities you are permitted to perform in Japan. Please note that sometimes people say "visa", it may refer to the "status of residence”. For example, people often mention as "changing visa" when they mean “renewal/change of the status of residence." For inquiries about "status of residence," please visit the website of the Immigration Services Agency of Japan. Be aware of fraudulent website, social media, and emails in an attempt to extract payments from visa applicants (July 5, 2017) 1. Visa Application Procedures Prepare all the required documents. Inviting organization/guarantor must send the required documents to the visa applicant (NOT to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs or the Diplomatic Mission of Japan). We encourage an inviting organization/guarantor to make a copy of them. Requirements for visa application may vary depending on the local situation/the purpose of your visit. You can find detailed information on the website of the Diplomatic Mission of Japan (Embassy, Consulate-General, or Consular Office) where you will submit your application. Once all the documents are ready, you may apply for a visa at the consular section of the Diplomatic Mission of Japan with jurisdiction over your place of residence, at an accredited agency, the Japan Visa Application Centre, or online, by the method specified by the Diplomatic Mission of Japan where you will submit your application (visa application cannot be made inside Japan.). It takes approximately one week to process the application, provided that all necessary requirements are met. Additional documents may be required on a case-by-case basis. It may take longer than usual to receive the result of the visa examination in case the Diplomatic Mission of Japan deems necessary to consult with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in Tokyo. The Diplomatic Mission of Japan or the accredited agency will notify the visa applicant of the result. Short-Term Stay (A stay of up to 90 days for tourism, business, visiting friends or relatives, etc. that does not include remunerative activities) All nationals of the countries and regions listed below require a visa to enter Japan. Click on the nationality of the visa applicant traveling to Japan. Philippines Viet Nam China Russia CIS countries, Ukraine, Georgia Other Nationalities Procedure chart for short-term stay (tourism, business, visiting relatives, etc) 【Online application for the visit to Japan with tourism purpose (single-entry)】 All foreign nationals/people who need to obtain a short-term visa to Japan AND currently reside in the following countries/region, are eligible to apply for a visa online: Australia, Brazil, Cambodia, Canada, Saudi Arabia, South Africa, Taiwan, United Kingdom, U.S.A. Please check below for information on visa exempt countries. The JAPAN eVISA system (electronic visa) Countries and regions that do not require a visa to enter Japan Visa Exempt Countries and Regions It is highly recommended to purchase international travel medical insurance for your trip to Japan. Overseas travel medical insurance helps you in case of emergency. Work or Long-Term Stay (If you do not meet the requirements for short-term stay, such as in cases where you intend to work in Japan for remuneration or stay in Japan for more than 90 days, you should, in principle, obtain a Certificate of Eligibility from the Immigration Services Agency of Japan before applying for a visa at the Diplomatic Mission of Japan with jurisdiction over your place of residence.) Procedure chart for long-term stays The Working Holiday Programmes in Japan Japan’s Pre-Entry Tuberculosis Screening Note: Pre-Entry Tuberculosis (TB) Screening will apply to nationals of the Philippines, Viet Nam, Indonesia, Nepal, Myanmar, and China Visa for Medical Stay Visa Exemptions for Diplomatic and Official Passport Holders 2. About Visa Points to Note and Application Procedures Visa Processing Time Validity of a Visa Visa Fees Visa Requirements Visas and Landing Permission 3. Visa Application Documents (download) (Note1) Use Adobe Acrobat Reader to fill in and print out the Visa application form (Note2) Company/personal seal on Letter of Guarantee and Letter of Invitation is no longer required. Visa Application Form English (PDF), Chinese (simplified) (PDF), Chinese (traditional) (PDF), Korean (PDF), Portuguese (PDF), Spanish (PDF) Letter of Guarantee (PDF) Invitation Letter (Single-Entry) (PDF) Invitation Letter (Multiple-Entry) (PDF) List of Visa Applicants (PDF) Overview of Company / Organization (PDF) Itinerary in Japan (PDF) 4. Frequently Asked Questions Tell me why you rejected my visa application. I want to go to Japan. Do I need a visa? I want to invite a foreign national to Japan. What procedures are necessary? What should I do to get a Certificate of Eligibility? The Certificate of Eligibility will not arrive by the time I apply for a visa. Can I still apply for a visa with its copy? As a “guarantor”, to what extent do I need to be responsible? more FAQ 5. Announcements Newly introduced visas Special Highly Skilled Professional (J-Skip) Designated activities (Future Creation Individual, Spouse or Child of Future Creation Individual) (J-Find) Designated activities (Digital Nomad, Spouse or Child of Digital Nomad) Statistics for the Number of Visas Number of Visas Issued in 2025 (June 23, 2026) Relaxation of Visa Requirements Relaxation of Visa requirements for Nationals of the United Arab Emirates in Possession of Ordinary Passports (Extension of period of stay) (June 2, 2025) Visa Waiver Measure for Nationals of the Republic of Paraguay (May 29, 2025) Relaxation of Visa requirements for Nationals of Brunei Darussalam（Extension of period of stay）(December 2, 2024) Others Japan’s Pre-Entry Tuberculosis Screening (April 3, 2020) Japan's Visa Policy in Accordance with Measures to Combat Trafficking in Persons (August 2007 (Updated in 2016)) Archives 6. Inquiries about Visas Application Foreign Residents Support Center (FRESC) MOFA Visa Information Address: Yotsuya Tower 13F, 1-6-1 Yotsuya, Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo, 160-0004 Phone: Navi-Dial: 0570-011000 (For some IP phones and calls from overseas, please call +81-3-5369-6577) Opening hours: Monday to Friday, 09:00-17:00 (except holidays) Related Links Links The Immigration Bureau, the Ministry of Justice Websites of Japanese Embassies, Consulates and Permanent Missions Recommend JAPAN eVISA website (Website for online visa application to visit Japan)

---

**原文链接**: [https://www.mofa.go.jp/j_info/visit/visa/index.html](https://www.mofa.go.jp/j_info/visit/visa/index.html)  
**采集时间**: 2026/7/6 16:06:09
