---
title: Find out if you need a study permit - Canada.ca
country: canada
url: "https://www.canada.ca/en/immigration-refugees-citizenship/services/study-canada/study-permit/study-permit-tool.html"
category: 学习许可
source: 加拿大政府官网 (IRCC)
date: "2026-07-03"
summary: "To find out what you need to study in Canada, select the situation that best describes you and your study
    program."
language: en
---

Find out if you need a study permit Answer a few questions to find out if you need a study permit. What do you want to do? I want to come to Canada and start studying How long do you want to study in Canada? 6 months or less Are you a minor child or applying for a minor child? Yes No More than 6 months Do any of these describe you? I’m a minor child or I’m applying for a minor child I’m a member of a foreign armed force for a designated state under the Visiting Forces Act I have registered Indian status in Canada I’m a family or staff member of a foreign representative in Canada None of these describe me I’m already in Canada and want to study What kind of permit do you have right now? Study permit Work permit Are you an apprentice working in a construction trade? Yes No I don’t have either of these permits How long do you want to study in Canada? 6 months or less More than 6 months Do any of these describe you? I’m a minor child or I’m applying for a minor child Will the minor child be doing any of the following: going to kindergarten going to pre-school, primary or secondary school and is with a parent who has a valid work or study permit living as a refugee or refugee claimant living in Canada without either of their parents Yes No I’m a member of a foreign armed force for a country that’s a designated state under the Visiting Forces Act I have registered Indian status in Canada I’m a family or staff member of a foreign representative in Canada I’m an exchange student with a visa or visitor record and want to study longer I’ve completed prerequisite courses and want to study longer None of these describe me To find out what you need to study in Canada, select the situation that best describes you and your study program. On this page You’re studying for 6 months or less You’re studying for more than 6 months You’re a minor child or applying for a minor child When minor children don’t need a study permit You’re a member of a foreign armed force or have Registered Indian status in Canada You’re family or staff member of a foreign representative in Canada You’re already in Canada on a work permit and want to stay to study You want to extend your study permit You may be eligible to study without a study permit You're an apprentice working in a construction trade You’re studying for 6 months or less You don’t need a study permit. You can apply to study at the school of your choice without a study permit if: your studies aren’t part of a longer study program and you’ll complete your studies within the amount of time we approve you to stay in Canada This is usually 6 months after you enter However, you may want to get a study permit, even if you don’t need one. Your study permit isn’t a visa If we approve your study permit application, we’ll also automatically give you either a visitor visa (temporary resident visa) or an Electronic Travel Authorization (eTA), depending on your passport or travel document. This is what allows you to enter Canada. You’re studying in Québec You must also apply for a Québec Acceptance Certificate (CAQ). Find out if you need a visa Citizens of the USA You don’t need a visitor visa or an eTA to enter Canada. However, you must carry proper identification and meet the basic requirements to enter Canada. Permanent residents of the USA If you’re entering Canada by air, you need an eTA. Otherwise, you don’t need a visitor visa or an eTA to enter Canada. Regardless of how you travel to Canada, carry valid proof of U.S. lawful permanent residence status, such as a valid Green Card. You’re studying for more than 6 months You need a study permit. You should apply for your permit before you travel to Canada to study. To apply for a study permit, you need: a valid passport or travel document an acceptance letter from a designated learning institution (DLI) in Canada proof that you have enough money to pay for your tuition fees living expenses for yourself and any family members who come with you to Canada and return transportation for yourself and any family members who come with you to Canada Learn more about what you need to study in Canada. Your study permit isn’t a visa If we approve your study permit application, we’ll also automatically give you either a visitor visa (temporary resident visa) or an Electronic Travel Authorization (eTA), depending on your passport or travel document. This is what allows you to enter Canada. Find out if you need a visa If you’re studying in Quebec You must also apply for a Québec Acceptance Certificate (CAQ). Apply for your study permit Citizens of the USA You don’t need a visitor visa or an eTA to enter Canada. However, you must carry proper identification and meet the basic requirements to enter Canada. Permanent residents of the USA If you’re entering Canada by air, you need an eTA. Otherwise, you don’t need a visitor visa or an eTA to enter Canada. Regardless of how you travel to Canada, carry valid proof of U.S. lawful permanent residence status, such as a valid Green Card. You’re a minor child or applying for a minor child Minor children need a study permit if: they’re applying from outside of Canada and they’ll be studying for more than 6 months This includes minor children who come to Canada with parents who got their study or work permit approved before coming to Canada. When minor children reach the age of majority (18 or 19 years old, depending on the province or territory), they must apply for a study permit if they want to keep studying. Minor children need a valid passport or travel document to come to Canada. Learn more about what you need to study in Canada. Their study permit isn’t a visa If we approve their study permit application, we’ll also automatically give them either a visitor visa or an Electronic Travel Authorization (eTA), depending on their passport or travel document. This is what allows them to enter Canada. Find out if they need a visa Citizens of the USA You don’t need a visitor visa or an eTA to enter Canada. However, you must carry proper identification and meet the basic requirements to enter Canada. Permanent residents of the USA If you’re entering Canada by air, you need an eTA. Otherwise, you don’t need a visitor visa or an eTA to enter Canada. Regardless of how you travel to Canada, carry valid proof of U.S. lawful permanent residence status, such as a valid Green Card. If the minor child is coming to Canada alone They must also have: a signed custodianship declaration a letter of acceptance from the school they’re attending proof that they have enough money to pay for their: living expenses and return transportation If they’re studying in Quebec They must also apply for a Québec Acceptance Certificate (CAQ). Apply for a study permit When minor children don’t need a study permit Minor children don’t need a study permit if any of the following are true: they’re studying for 6 months or less they’re going to kindergarten they or their parents are refugees or refugee claimants Minors also don’t need a study permit if: they’re already in Canada with a parent who has a work or study permit, and they want to go to preschool, primary or secondary school or neither of their parents are present in Canada However, they should still get a study permit. With a study permit, minors can: remain in school when they’re no longer a minor get a secondary school co-op work permit have access to social services in some provinces or territories Minors who don’t have a study permit must have valid visitor status during their stay in Canada. This means they must have an unexpired visitor visa (temporary resident visa) or electronic travel authorization (eTA). When minor children reach the age of majority (18 or 19 years old, depending on the province or territory), they must apply for a study permit if they want to keep studying. This is why we encourage you to get a study permit for a minor, even if they don’t need one right away. Apply for a study permit You’re a member of a foreign armed force or have Registered Indian status in Canada If you’re a member of a foreign armed force of a country that’s a designated state, or you have Registered Indian status in Canada, you don’t need a study permit. You can apply to study at the school of your choice. However, you may want to get a study permit, even if you don’t need one. A study permit isn’t a visa Even though you don’t need a study permit, you still need a valid passport or travel document. Depending on your travel document, you also need either: a visitor visa (temporary resident visa) or an Electronic Travel Authorization (eTA) Having one of these allows you to enter Canada. Find out if you need a visa Citizens of the USA You don’t need a visitor visa or an eTA to enter Canada. However, you must carry proper identification and meet the basic requirements to enter Canada. Permanent residents of the USA If you’re entering Canada by air, you need an eTA. Otherwise, you don’t need a visitor visa or an eTA to enter Canada. Regardless of how you travel to Canada, carry valid proof of U.S. lawful permanent residence status, such as a valid Green Card. You’re a family or staff member of a foreign representative in Canada You don’t need a study permit if you’re: a staff member of a foreign representative or the family member of someone who is one and you or they are accredited by Global Affairs Canada (GAC) If you or they aren’t accredited, you do need a study permit. Your embassy should contact GAC to find out if you or they are accredited. Contact GAC A study permit isn’t a visa Even though you don’t need a study permit, you still need a valid passport or travel document. Depending on your travel document, you also need either: a visitor visa (temporary resident visa) or an Electronic Travel Authorization (eTA) Having one of these allows you to enter Canada. Find out if you need a visa Citizens of the USA You don’t need a visitor visa or an eTA to enter Canada. However, you must carry proper ide

---

**原文链接**: [https://www.canada.ca/en/immigration-refugees-citizenship/services/study-canada/study-permit/study-permit-tool.html](https://www.canada.ca/en/immigration-refugees-citizenship/services/study-canada/study-permit/study-permit-tool.html)  
**采集时间**: 2026/7/3 19:17:27
