---
title: Immigrate as a provincial nominee - Canada.ca
country: canada
url: "https://www.canada.ca/en/immigration-refugees-citizenship/services/immigrate-canada/provincial-nominees.html"
category: 移民申请
source: 加拿大政府官网 (IRCC)
date: "2026-07-03"
summary: The Provincial Nominee Program (PNP) lets provinces and territories nominate people who
language: en
---

Immigrate as a provincial nominee The Provincial Nominee Program (PNP) lets provinces and territories nominate people who have the skills, education and work experience to help their economy (like business people and skilled workers) want to live in that province or territory want to become permanent residents of Canada Each province and territory has its own requirements. They also set the number of people they can nominate each year. Check if you qualify Choose a province or territory to know its PNP streams: Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland and Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Ontario Prince Edward Island Saskatchewan Yukon Quebec and Nunavut don’t have programs Explore other ways you can immigrate to Quebec Nunavut Find out how to apply There are 2 ways to apply for permanent residence through the PNP. The option you use depends on the province or territory you choose to immigrate to. The province or territory will also let you know whether you must apply through the Express Entry process or through the non-Express Entry process. Apply through Express Entry This option applies to you if you qualify for both the province or territory’s PNP stream and a federal program under Express Entry. If you’re nominated, create your Express Entry profile. You’ll get 600 extra points, which helps you get invited to apply for permanent residence. Start your application (Express Entry) Processing time? We couldn’t load the data. Try again. Apply through the non-Express Entry process This option applies to you if you qualify for the province or territory’s PNP stream, but don’t quality for the federal program under Express Entry. Start your application (non-Express Entry) Processing time? We couldn’t load the data. Try again. Processing times may increase The Immigration Levels Plan sets the number of newcomers that Canada plans to welcome each year. If there are more people applying than available spaces, processing times may increase. function docReady(fn) { // see if DOM is already available if (document.readyState === "complete" || document.readyState === "interactive") { // call on next available tick setTimeout(fn, 1); } else { document.addEventListener("DOMContentLoaded", fn); } } docReady(function() { let cssScript = document.createElement('link'); cssScript.setAttribute('href', 'https://ircc.canada.ca/css/templates/banded-topic.css'); cssScript.setAttribute('rel', 'stylesheet'); cssScript.setAttribute('type', 'text/css'); document.head.appendChild(cssScript); }) // CSS rules var rule = '.infobg { background-color:#d9edf7 !important; }'; function addCss(rule) { let css = document.createElement('style'); css.type = 'text/css'; if (css.styleSheet) css.styleSheet.cssText = rule; // Support for IE else css.appendChild(document.createTextNode(rule)); // Support for the rest document.getElementsByTagName("head")[0].appendChild(css); } // Load the rules and execute after the DOM loads window.onload = function() {addCss(rule)}; (function injectCSS() { const css = ` .padding-10 {padding-top: 10px !important;padding-bottom: 10px !important;} .blue{background-color: #F0F8FF; color:#000;} .gray{background-color: #f5f5f5;} .gray:hover{background-color: #888888;color: #ffffff;} .gray a{color:#000;} .gray a:hover {color:#fff;} .block { border-radius: 15px; /* Rounded corners */ padding: 20px; transition: background-color 0.3s ease; /* Smooth transition for color change */ } `; const style = document.createElement('style'); style.textContent = css; document.head.appendChild(style); })(); Processing times PR Processing times will vary based on the type of application if the application is complete how quickly we expect to process applications we’ve already received how easily we can verify your information how long you take to respond to any requests or concerns other factors Your processing time may also be affected if more people apply to immigrate to Canada than we can bring in each year. Learn how processing times are calculated. Page details 2026-04-17

---

**原文链接**: [https://www.canada.ca/en/immigration-refugees-citizenship/services/immigrate-canada/provincial-nominees.html](https://www.canada.ca/en/immigration-refugees-citizenship/services/immigrate-canada/provincial-nominees.html)  
**采集时间**: 2026/7/3 19:17:27
