---
title: How to check the status of your IRCC application - Canada.ca
country: canada
url: "https://www.canada.ca/en/immigration-refugees-citizenship/services/application/check-status.html"
category: 移民申请
source: 加拿大政府官网 (IRCC)
date: "2026-07-03"
summary: You’ll get this letter or email after we receive your application and check that it’s complete. It can take some time to get it.
language: en
---

How to check your application status Select your application type to find out how to get your application status. What did you apply for? Citizenship Which citizenship application? Becoming a Canadian citizen (grant of citizenship) Select the application type: Adult (18 and older) Have you received your acknowledgement of receipt letter or email? You’ll get this letter or email after we receive your application and check that it’s complete. It can take some time to get it. Yes Is this your first time checking your citizenship application status? Yes No, I already have a citizenship tracker account. No Minor (under 18) Have you received your acknowledgement of receipt letter or email? You’ll get this letter or email after we receive your application and check that it’s complete. It can take some time to get it. Yes Is this your first time checking the minor’s citizenship application status? Yes No, I already have a citizenship tracker account. No Canadian Armed Forces member Have you received your acknowledgement of receipt (AOR) letter or email? You’ll get this letter or email after we receive your application and check that it’s complete. It can take some time before you receive it. Yes No Adoption Have you received your acknowledgement of receipt (AOR) letter or email? You’ll get this letter or email after we receive your application and check that it’s complete. It can take some time before you receive it. Yes No Citizenship certificate (proof of citizenship) How did you apply? Online (digital) By mail (paper) Where did you apply from? Canada or the United States Have you received your acknowledgement of receipt (AOR) letter or email? You’ll get your AOR after we receive your application and check that it’s complete. It can take a while before you get it. Yes No Outside Canada and the United States Did you provide your email in your application? Yes Have you received your acknowledgement of receipt (AOR) letter or email? You’ll get your AOR after we receive your application and check that it’s complete. It can take a while before you get it. Yes No No Do you have your client ID number or your unique client identifier (UCI)? If you didn’t include an email address on your application, you won’t automatically get your UCI and the confirmation that we received your application. Contact the office where you mailed your application to get your client ID or UCI. Yes No Search of citizenship records How did you apply? Online (digital) By mail (paper) Where did you apply from? Canada or the United States Outside Canada and the United States Resuming Canadian citizenship Giving up Canadian citizenship (renunciation) Passport Visitor visa Permanent resident card (PR Card) Family sponsorship What kind of family sponsorship? Spouse, partner or dependent child Which application process? In Canada Outside Canada Parent or grandparent Are you the sponsor or the person being sponsored? The sponsor The person being sponsored Adoptive child or other relative Work permit Study permit Refugees Electronic travel authorization (eTA) Immigration What kind of immigration application? Express Entry Other immigration programs Refugee travel document or certificate of identity Verification of status or request to amend Express Entry This includes applications for Canadian Experience Class (CEC) Provincial Nominee Program (PNP) Federal Skilled Workers Federal Skilled Trades How to check your application status You can check the status of your application in the Application status tracker(opens in a new tab) . You must create a new account if this is your first time checking your application status in the application status tracker you’ve been using the Client Application Status (CAS) tool(opens in a new tab) to check your application status You can’t use your CAS username and password. To register, you need your unique client identifier (UCI) or client ID (opens in a new tab) application number first and last name date of birth place of birth If you’re a representative or designated person, you also need your party ID(opens in a new tab) first and last name Status updates will only show up after you get an acknowledgement of receipt (AOR) letter or email. Until then, you may be able to see the date we got your application the name of the sponsor your contact information If you applied on paper, you can create an online account link your paper application to it You’ll see any updates to your application status there. Other immigration programs This includes applications for the following: Agri-Food Pilot Atlantic Immigration Program caregivers Economic Mobility Pathways Pilot health-care workers permanent residence pathway humanitarian and compassionate cases out-of-status construction workers in the Greater Toronto Area protected persons Quebec-selected skilled workers Quebec investors Quebec entrepreneurs Rural and Northern Immigration Pilot self-employed persons start-up visas temporary resident permit holders How to check your application status There are 2 ways to check your application status online. Option 1: Use the Client Application Status tool This online tool is updated daily. Check application status Option 2: Check your application status in your online account You can create a secure IRCC online account and link it to your existing application. If you applied online, this is a different account to the one you used when you applied. Find out which applications you can link to an online account. In your online account, you get status updates messages about your application online instead of by mail Link your existing application to an online account Find out how to update or ask about an application in progress check our processing times to see how quickly we’re processing your type of application these days Spouse, partner or dependent child: In Canada process We’re still accepting family sponsorship applications. Let us contact you online or by email If you’re the person being sponsored, you can create an online account and link your paper application to it. Through this account, we will send you alerts and messages about your application ask you for other documents or information we need to process your application Check your application status You can check the status of your application through the application status tracker(opens in a new tab) . You must create a new account if this is your first time checking your application status you’ve been using the Client Application Status (CAS) tool to check your application status you cannot reuse your CAS username and password To register, you’ll need your unique client identifier (UCI) or client ID(opens in a new tab) application number first and last name date of birth place of birth If you’re a representative or designated person, you’ll also need your party ID(opens in a new tab) first and last name Status updates will only show up after you get an acknowledgement of receipt (AOR) letter or email. Until then, you may be able to see the date we got your application the name of the sponsor your contact information You need a Chrome (opens in a new tab) , Safari (opens in a new tab) or Firefox (opens in a new tab) web browser to access your account. Create an account Register Sign in to check your status Sign in Find out how to update or ask about an application in progress check our processing times to see how quickly we’re processing your type of application these days Spouse, partner or dependent child: Outside Canada process We’re still accepting family sponsorship applications. Let us contact you online or by email If you’re the person being sponsored, you can create an online account and link your paper application to it. Through this account, we will send you alerts and messages about your application ask you for other documents or information we need to process your application Check your status You can check the status of your application through the application status tracker(opens in a new tab) . You must create a new account if this is your first time checking your application status you’ve been using the Client Application Status (CAS) tool to check your application status you cannot reuse your CAS username and password To register, you’ll need your unique client identifier (UCI) or client ID(opens in a new tab) application number first and last name date of birth place of birth If you’re a representative or designated person, you’ll also need your party ID(opens in a new tab) first and last name Status updates will only show up after you get an acknowledgement of receipt (AOR) letter or email. Until then, you may be able to see the date we got your application the name of the sponsor your contact information You need a Chrome (opens in a new tab) , Safari (opens in a new tab) or Firefox (opens in a new tab) web browser to access your account. Create an account Register Sign in to check your status Sign in Find out how to update or ask about an application in progress check our processing times to see how quickly we’re processing your type of application these days Adopted child or other relative We’re still accepting family sponsorship applications. Check your application status If you’re the person being sponsored, you can create an online account and link your paper application to it. You’ll get a detailed application status in real time alerts and messages about your application by email and online instead of by mail use the online tool, which is updated daily The person sponsoring you can check the status of your application by using our online tool. Find out how to update or ask about an application in progress check our processing times to see how quickly we’re processing your type of application these days Parents and grandparents: The sponsor Use the Client application status tool Updated daily This tool lets you securely view the status of your application online. You’ll need to gather all the documents about the application have the identification 

---

**原文链接**: [https://www.canada.ca/en/immigration-refugees-citizenship/services/application/check-status.html](https://www.canada.ca/en/immigration-refugees-citizenship/services/application/check-status.html)  
**采集时间**: 2026/7/3 19:17:27
