---
title: Temporary foreign worker rights and labour standards - Canada.ca
country: canada
url: "https://www.canada.ca/en/immigration-refugees-citizenship/services/work-canada/worker-rights.html"
category: 工作许可
source: 加拿大政府官网 (IRCC)
date: "2026-07-03"
summary: Each province and territory has an employment or labour standards office that deals with labour and employment laws. This office can talk to you about fair pay, hours of work, rest periods and working conditions, and provide other services as well.
language: en
---

Temporary foreign worker rights and labour standards Get to know your rights as a foreign worker and the labour standards in Canada. Your rights as a foreign worker Learn about your rights as a worker hired under the Temporary Foreign Worker Program, if your job needs a labour market impact assessment (LMIA) International Mobility Program, if your position is LMIA-exempt Canada’s labour laws As a temporary foreign worker, you’re protected by Canada’s labour laws. Your employer must pay you for your work must make sure that your workplace is safe can’t take your passport or work permit away from you Each province and territory has an employment or labour standards office that deals with labour and employment laws. This office can talk to you about fair pay, hours of work, rest periods and working conditions, and provide other services as well. You don’t need your employer’s permission to contact these offices or go to their websites. You also can’t be punished or deported for contacting them. Most occupations are covered under provincial and territorial laws. However, federal labour and employment laws may apply if you work for the federal government a bank a company that transports goods between provinces a telecommunications company most businesses owned and run by the federal government Employment agreements If you have an employer-specific work permit, your employer must give you an employment agreement. You and your employer must sign the agreement, which should include the details of your job the conditions of your employment the highest number of hours you will work in a week your rate of pay The laws on hours of work and overtime (extra time or time worked after regular hours) vary depending on the province or territory you’re working in. Your employment agreement may also have details about deductions, which are amounts of money that come out of your pay for programs like the Canada Pension Plan and Employment Insurance. Always keep a copy of your agreement for your records. You and your employer must always follow the agreement. If you disagree about work details in the future, having a copy of the agreement may help you. Contact your local employment or labour standards office to learn more about employment agreements. Farm workers’ rights Some farm workers in Canada have special rights under the Seasonal Agricultural Worker Program. Housing Your employer doesn’t have to give you a place to live unless you’re a temporary farm worker in the Seasonal Agricultural Worker Program. If you’re given room and board, your employer may take part of the cost from your pay. In most provinces, the amount they can charge for room and board is limited. All pay deductions must be noted in your employment agreement. Health and safety All workers in Canada have the right to a safe and healthy workplace, so laws protect workers from danger. Provincial, territorial and federal governments each have their own laws and ways of managing health and safety matters. Is your work safe? To help you decide if your workplace is safe, ask yourself these questions: Have I been properly trained for the job I am doing? Have I been given the right safety equipment to do the job? Do I feel unsafe when doing my job? Do I work close to dangerous materials? To report an unsafe workplace, contact your local employment or labour standards office. Refusing dangerous work Your employer cannot force you to do dangerous work. Your employer must investigate any danger that’s reported in the workplace. You have the right to refuse to do the work until you and your employer agree that the danger is removed you feel that the problem no longer exists a government official tells you that it’s safe to do the work If you get sick or hurt at work Tell your supervisor as soon as possible and get medical attention. Your employer must help you get access to a health care provider (like a doctor, nurse or pharmacist) by, for example giving you time off to seek medical attention making a phone available to call emergency services (ambulance) giving you information on how to get health care helping you get to the health care provider You can speak privately with a health care provider without your employer present. Most provinces and territories provide workers’ compensation benefits. Workers’ compensation plans give you help (medical or wage benefits) if you’re hurt on the job or if your job causes you to get sick. Your employer isn’t allowed to take any money from your pay for these plans. In some provinces and territories, employers don’t need to offer you workers’ compensation benefits. In those cases, the employment agreement must clearly state that the job doesn’t include these benefits. Contact your local employment or labour standards office to learn more about workers’ compensation benefits. If you lose your job In most cases, your employer needs to give you either written notice before your last day of work or the pay you would have earned during the notice period. This is called termination pay. Your employer doesn’t have to warn you if they are letting you go for “just cause.” For example, you can be let go for serious misconduct or for missing work without a good reason. If you have an employment agreement for a specific period or job, your employer doesn’t have to give you notice when your agreement ends. The rules about giving notice of termination are set by each province and territory. If your employer doesn’t follow the law when they dismiss you, you can complain to the local employment or labour standards office. If you’re covered by a union contract, you may have to make a formal complaint through the union instead. Report abuse If you suspect that your employer hasn’t been respecting your rights as a temporary foreign worker or has been misusing the program, report the abuse to us. If you think you’re being abused or are at risk of being abused, you may be able to apply for an open work permit for vulnerable workers to help you leave the abusive work situation. Labour standards in Canada Contact the federal labour program if you work in a federally regulated business or industry. Federal Labour Program Employment and Social Development CanadaLabour Standards Toll-free: 1-800-641-4049 If you don’t work for a federally regulated business or industry, your conditions of work are likely regulated by provincial or territorial employment standards. Contact the employment standards office in the province or territory where you work. Alberta Ministry of Jobs, Economy, Trade and ImmigrationEmployment Standards Telephone: 780-427-3731 Toll-free: 1-877-427-3731 TTY to voice: 711 Voice to TTY: 1-800-855-0511 British Columbia Ministry of LabourEmployment Standards Branch Toll-free: 1-833-236-3700 Text: 604-660-2421 Manitoba Division of LabourEmployment Standards Telephone: 204-945-3352 (Winnipeg) Toll-free: 1-800-821-4307 (outside Winnipeg) Fax: 204-948-3046 New Brunswick Department of Post-Secondary Education, Training and LabourEmployment Standards Branch Telephone: 506-453-2725 (Fredericton or outside New Brunswick) Toll-free: 1-888-452-2687 Newfoundland and Labrador Environment, Conservation and Climate ChangeLabour Standards Division Telephone: 709-637-2364 (Corner Brook) or 709-729-2742 (St. John’s) Toll-free: 1-877-563-1063 Northwest Territories Education, Culture and EmploymentEmployment Standards Telephone: 867-767-9351 (ext. 71469) Toll-free: 1-888-700-570 Nova Scotia Labour, Skills and ImmigrationLabour Standards Division Telephone: 902-424-4311 Toll-free: 1-888-315-0110 Nunavut Department of JusticeLabour Standards Compliance Office Telephone: 867-975-6322 Toll-free: 1-877-806-8402 Fax: 867-975-6367 (Note: There’s minimal information on the website.) Ontario Ministry of Labour, Immigration, Training and Skills DevelopmentEmployment Standards Information Centre Telephone: 416-326-7160 (Greater Toronto Area) Toll-free: 1-800-531-5551 TTY: 1-866-567-8893 Prince Edward Island Workforce, Advanced Learning and PopulationEmployment Standards Branch Telephone: 902-368-5550 Toll-free: 1-800-333-4362 Fax: 902-368-5476 Quebec Commission des normes, de l’équité, de la santé et de la sécurité du travail (CNESST) Toll-free: 1-844-838-0808 Saskatchewan Labour Relations and Workplace Safety Employment Standards Toll-free: 1-800-667-1783 Yukon Department of Community ServicesEmployment Standards Telephone: 867-667-5944 Toll-free: 1-800-661-0408 Fax: 867-393-6317 function docReady(fn) { // see if DOM is already available if (document.readyState === "complete" || document.readyState === "interactive") { // call on next available tick setTimeout(fn, 1); } else { document.addEventListener("DOMContentLoaded", fn); } } docReady(function() { let cssScript = document.createElement('link'); cssScript.setAttribute('href', 'https://ircc.canada.ca/css/templates/banded-topic.css'); cssScript.setAttribute('rel', 'stylesheet'); cssScript.setAttribute('type', 'text/css'); document.head.appendChild(cssScript); }) (function injectCSS() { const css = ` .shadow{ background-color: white; border-radius: 20px; /* Rounded corners */ box-shadow: 0 4px 15px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.2); padding: 1em; } .grey { background-color: #f5f5f5; border-radius: 20px; /* Rounded corners */ box-shadow: 0 4px 15px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.2); padding: 1em; } .icon-gry{ color: #f5f5f5; font-size: 5em; } `; const style = document.createElement('style'); style.textContent = css; document.head.appendChild(style); })(); Page details 2026-03-31

---

**原文链接**: [https://www.canada.ca/en/immigration-refugees-citizenship/services/work-canada/worker-rights.html](https://www.canada.ca/en/immigration-refugees-citizenship/services/work-canada/worker-rights.html)  
**采集时间**: 2026/7/3 19:17:27
